if you say his name in the mirror
you will die
today we're checking out candyman
spoilers ahead
anthony mccoy is a visual artist living
in chicago with his girlfriend art
gallery director brianna cartwright one
night brianna's brother troy shares an
urban legend of helene lyle a white
graduate student who went on a killing
spree in the early 1990s the story goes
that her rampage accumulated in a
bonfire outside of the carbini green
projects at which point she attempted to
sacrifice an infant child the residents
were able to rescue the child from her
lean before she perished in the fire
desperate for a creative spark to turn
his career around
anthony launches a story around the
cabrini gardens looking for inspiration
he eventually has the chance to
encounter with william burke a
laundromat owner who introduces him to
the story of candyman when burke was a
child he had a frightening encounter
with sherman fields a hook-handed man
whom the police believe was responsible
for putting razor blades in pieces of
candy that ended up in the hands of a
white girl burke was frightened of
sherman and alerted the police about his
presence in the walls of one of the
tower blocks leading him to beat sherman
to death sherman was later exonerated
when the children received more candy
with razor blades and just like that
anthony had his vision
he begins to paint and after he's
finished he's eager to share with
brianna the story behind his masterpiece
sharman's face was beat so bad that he
was barely recognizable and even after
his death people around the neighborhood
claimed to still have been seeing him
over the years his name was forgotten
and people just referred to him as
the candymans the legend goes that
repeating the name candyman five times
invokes sherman's spirit at which point
he appears in the reflection and kills
whoever spoke his name candyman candyman
anthony noah
stop candy bar stop inspired by this
anthony develops an art exhibit around
the legend of candyman and showcases it
at brianna's gallery a few people look
at the project but is disappointed when
he doesn't get the kind of recognition
he was hoping for
i love that you hid those [ __ ] things
in a storage room with the lights out
so smart i mean where'd you find those
paintings
thrift store in the desert that night
one of brianna's co-workers and his
girlfriend come back to the exhibit
to have some fun
they see anthony's work
and they decide to say candyman in the
mirror
five times
candyman is summoned and the couple
is instantly slaughtered their bodies
are discovered the next morning by
brianna eager to learn more anthony
heads to the library to find out more
information on helen lyle
and the candyman
while in the elevator we start to notice
how anthony's hand is slowly
deteriorating
he also spots a piece of candy on the
elevator that has a blade inside of it
and finally when he looks up in the
mirror
he spots a quick glimpse
of candyman and his reflection anthony
has become so obsessed that now his
apartment is filled with candyman
paintings and the more he goes the worse
his hand gets more people are eventually
killed after repeating candyman's name
including an art critic
and a group of teenage girls
[Music]
meanwhile
anthony begins to undergo physical
transformation stemming from a bee sting
he suffered on his hand while walking
around the cabrini gardens the sting
develops into a scab that begins to
spread and cover his whole body anthony
later goes to the hospital to get it
checked out where he learns that his
mother lied about where he was born
anthony soon pays a visit to his mother
who reveals he was the baby helen lyle
saved from the fire that night she died
though the truth that helen saved him
from candyman who abducted him and
planned to sacrifice him in the fire
she never told him about it because she
wanted anthony to have a chance at a
normal life the community had vowed
never to repeat the legend of candyman
after that night and his mother fears
what would happen to anthony now that
someone has broken their path something
they used to call candy
don't say that anthony leaves resigned
to his feet
and one is the row houses of cabrini
green concerned about anthony brianna
recalls in mentioning that he first
heard about candyman from burke so she
has to cabrini green in hopes of finding
her once there burke subdues brianna and
takes her to abandoned church where
anthony has entered a frug state where
his body continues to deteriorate burke
reveals that not only did he witness the
police beat sherman to death but he also
saw sherman return later as candyman
which he butchered his own sister when
she summoned him in a bathroom mirror of
their apartment he plans to have anthony
gunned down by the police creating a new
legend which candyman is the instrument
of vengeance rather than a symbol of
black pain and suffering to complete
anthony's transformation into candy man
he saws off his right hand and replaces
it with the hook brianna manages to
escape the church and chased into the
cabrini garden row houses by bert whom
she viciously stabs to death anthony
appears and collapses into her arms as
the police
lured to the scene bob burke show up and
shoot anthony to death brianna is
handcuffed and placed into the back of a
police suv where an officer attempts to
intimidate her by agreeing that anthony
provoked the officer to shoot him
knowing you were in danger
had no choice but to discharge his
weapon or
she's an accomplice brianna uses the car
rear mirror to summon anthony now
candyman and as he massacres every
police officer at the scene
as more police arrive candyman takes on
the appearance of daniel
and gives brienne a single instruction
hello
everyone
if you enjoyed this summary make sure
you go down below
like comment and subscribe to the
channel for more before i go
always to make sure to chase your dreams
i will see you guys in the next
[Music]
you